docs(cherry-pick): incremental restore and list namespace (#268) (#367)
dgraph-io/dgraph-docs: content/enterprise-features/binary-backups.md

		Set to true to allow backing up to S3 or Minio bucket that requires no credentials.
		"""
		anonymous: Boolean

		"""
		All the backups with num >= incrementalFrom will be restored.
		"""
		incrementalFrom: Int

		"""

> 		If isPartial is set to true then the cluster will be kept in draining mode after
> 		restore. This makes sure that the db is not corrupted by any mutations or tablet moves in
> 		between two restores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		If `isPartial` is set to true then the cluster is kept in draining mode after
		restore to ensure that the database is not corrupted by any mutations or tablet moves in
		between two restores.
```

		"""
		isPartial: Boolean

}
```

Restore requests returns immediately without waiting for the operation to finish.

## Incremental Restore

You can use incremental restore to restore a set of incremental backups on a cluster with a part of the backup already restored.

> The system does not appect any mutations made between a normal restore and an incremental restore, because the cluster is in the draining mode. When the cluster is in a draining mode only an admin request to bring the cluster back to normal mode accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system does not accept any mutations made between a normal restore and an incremental restore, because the cluster is in the draining mode. When the cluster is in a draining mode only an admin request to bring the cluster back to normal mode is accepted.
```

> Note: Before you start an incremental restore ensure that you set `isPartial` to `true` in your noraml restore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Before you start an incremental restore ensure that you set `isPartial` to `true` in your normal restore.
```
